docs: 4.5.b edge known issues (#4887)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Hosts provisioned in [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md) do not display host information in the console after the Palette Terminal User Interface completes host setup.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Local UI is still available and will display host information. Refer to [Access Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/host-management/access-console.md) to learn how to access Local UI.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | December 12, 2024  | Edge                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hosts provisioned in [agent mode](../deployment-modes/agent-mode/agent-mode.md) do not display host information in the console after using the Palette Terminal User Interface to complete host setup.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Local UI is still available and will display host information. Refer to [Access Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/host-management/access-console.md) to learn how to access Local UI.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | December 12, 2024  | Edge                         |
```

> | In a multi-node cluster, resetting an in-use follower node does not update the node status on the leader node's linking screen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | [Scale down](../clusters/edge/local-ui/cluster-management/scale-cluster.md#scale-down-a-cluster) the cluster and free up the follower node before resetting the node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | December 12, 2024  | Edge                         |

Reviewer 2: We can change "resetting an in-use follower" -> "the Edge Host reset action on a cluster node". It applies to all cluster nodes.

> | In a multi-node cluster, resetting an in-use follower node does not update the node status on the leader node's linking screen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | [Scale down](../clusters/edge/local-ui/cluster-management/scale-cluster.md#scale-down-a-cluster) the cluster and free up the follower node before resetting the node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | December 12, 2024  | Edge                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| In a multi-node Edge cluster, the reset action on a cluster node does not update the node status on the leader node's linking screen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | [Scale down](../clusters/edge/local-ui/cluster-management/scale-cluster.md#scale-down-a-cluster) the cluster and free up the follower node before resetting the node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | December 12, 2024  | Edge                         |
```
